<h1 align="left">nanDeck Compile Card Builder</h1>

###

<h2 align="left">Purpose</h2>

###

<p align="left">This is a script and accomponying files used by the nanDeck program to create homebrew protocols and command cards for the card game Compile designed by [Michael Yang](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgamedesigner/158096/michael-yang).</p>

###

<h2 align="left">Contents</h2>

###

<h3 align="left">Main Folder</h3>

###

<p align="left">nanDeck_Compile.txt : The core script that builds the cards.<br>ImageSlice.txt : A subscript used by nanDeck_Compile.txt to slice images into smaller images for the cards backgrounds.</p>

###

<h3 align="left">Universal Assets</h3>

###

<p align="left">A multitude of images used by the script to build each card. These images are shared between all cards.</p>

###

<h3 align="left">NEW_PROTOCOL</h3>

###

<p align="left">This is an example for how the file structure should be set up.<br><br>Compile.xslx : The spreadsheet file containing the information for each card. Please ensure that the filename does not change and that it is placed at the upmost folder as it works as the root for the programs execution to find the other custom files for the protocol (ie not the universal assets).</p>

###

<h4 align="left">NEW_PROTOCOL//Assets</h4>

###

<p align="left">Contains the custom image files used for building the cards backgrounds and protocol icon. The file names must match what is given or the program will not be able to find the files.<br><br>**CommandBackground.jpg** : Roughly 4:5 image that is sliced by the program to be used as the background for the command cards.<br><br>**ProtocolBackground.jpg** : Roughly 7:5 image that is sliced by the program to be used as the front and back of the protocol card. T<br>he loading side is the left, the compiled side is the right. This image is rotated 90 degrees clockwise to properly position the image to the sideways card.<br><br>**icon.png** : The protocols icon image.</p>

###

<h4 align="left">NEW_PROTOCOL//Resources</h4>

###

<p align="left">This folder is not necessary.<br><br>Contains the original images before they have been croped down to the proper aspect ratio. These are here for example purposes and may be removed by the user if desired.</p>

###

<h4 align="left">NEW_PROTOCOL//TEMP</h4>

###

<p align="left">This folder is not necessary.<br><br>Contains the sliced images of the backgrounds in the NEW_PROTOCOL//Assets folder.<br>This folder may be deleted after the cards are generated or otherwise kept to speed up the building process (as these images can be directly referenced rather than resliced).</p>

###

<h4 align="left">NEW_PROTOCOL//Generated</h4>

###

<p align="left">This is the output folder that is generated by the program.<br><br>Contains the 2 output file types.<br>**3x3 Sheet** : Contains all 8 cards and a white space at the top right. This format is intended for sharing on the Compile Discord. The white space is for adding flavor text in an alternate software (GIMP).<br><br>**3x2 Sheet / 2x single cards* : This format is used for importing into Tabletop Simulator</p>

###

<h1 align="center">How do I use the script?</h1>

###

<p align="left">1:<br>Download [nanDeck](https://nandeck.com/old-versions) if you have not already. It is free to download and use.</p>

###
